Hello! Virtual Gamer, Kizuna Ai here!
Welcome, everybody, to my game-room!
Isn't it great? Isn't it fantastic!
Today I'll be,
challenging Cryptract in this room!
Look at my beloved Kiru-chan
They're all pretty cute right?
I've assigned all my favourite characters
As expected, when you're playing Cryptract
for your favorite character in Cryptract,
you know,
you have to assign them.
Or else you just can't,
get pumped up!
Let's start a quest right away!
I can do this, ah, that penguin is cute
Wait, what do you call that?
So cute
Oh, oh, how was that?
OH, one-shot!
Lookin' good, lookin' good!
Go! My ‘mai-waifus’!
Go, go, go!
OHOHOH
That was nice, that was nice.
Keeping using your skills!
Ah, but,
the boss is kinda strong
Her legs are long!
Ah doesn't this look bad...?
Bad...?
Ah, but but,
with just a bit more I'll be able to beat one of them.
NOー!
That single hit is strong!
You can do it!
Oh! Oh, for the time being,
I'll take one,
take the minion down.
OH NO !!
Ah but!
This girl
She is quite...
You can see the four pop out, the number
that means I can still take four,
four more—
Turns of atta-ta-ta-ta—
turns of attack, so.
I can do this!
Oh!
I can do this, can't I! Only this boss left!
AHHHHHHhhhhhh!
AH ah!
AH! AH!
Eh?
Ah! My...
My...
AHHH!
This is bad, isn't it...
YA! Keep going keep going!
You can do this!
*cute warcry*
Is this bad?
This is pretty bad, isn’t it
NO!!
Ah! There’s still… Ah I can keep going
Eh! What's this girl's name I wonder?
Friend? Friend...?
The allied team’s girl.
Her attack animations are amazingly cute
Saying that, this is bad...
It's not the time to say ‘cute’… Not good...
O oh oh o Oh o!
Oh Oh oH Oh Oh!
OH!
AH!
NO!! Not Good!
Do it!
This is a life-and-death problem.
This is bad.
Ah...
Here nex—AH, EH no way
NOOOO!!!
Ah
AH!
AHHHH!
Go for it, go for it!
NO!
PLEASE STOP!
Do you not think so?
Did you guys not think so?
My unit is...
Automatically...
healing itself.
Like that!
This is a piece of cake!
Please try me.
It's four against one
Ah, ah see!
Everyone also has,
quite some HP—
See?
Just a little bit more!
As I expected...
My chosen,
girls...
YOSH~!
WIN!
Ah, as expected!
As expected of me!
My rank, went up!
Ah! *Surprised*
*Surprised*
A rare quest has appeared!
It seems I have no choice, but to challenge it!
Go!
Do it now!
Oh wai—AHH, wait!
Okay, good.
Good good.
Good!
Oh? Yes!
We're finally here.
The boss.
Ah, come on, it looks strong!
OHHH.
That one shot already made her lose half her HP...
Lose...
LOST ITTTT
Ag...
AHhh
Hah...
*cute mumble*
Go on!
You guys,
do your best!
Oh you there!
That was good just now!
That attack just now!
Let's try the next one!
Ahh that was nice, you!
This is good, this pace.
That's good.
Ah the enemies are also,
like, faltering now, good job.
You guys
Doing good, as expected.
As expected.
O~ wasn't that going quite well... You…
Where did you learn that from?
Nice
Nice~ as expected of our...
Hm?
As expected of my waifus, you know
Hey you gals, nice going~
It’s like that after all, you know?
We can’t go without, like,
an overseeing figure
together with us
Σ（ﾟдﾟlll）
Stop... Two more and...
Go~ for it
Go for it~
Go for it!
GO
FOR
IIIIT~
Everyone's trying their hardest, right? I get it
Everyone's trying hard, you're all trying hard enough
Is it that?
My sexiness
Is it not enough?
I get it
Yeah
As I thought
It’s because sexiness is, like, you girls’, like,
source of power, after all.
*sexy*
35…
Hello~
An efficient way to work
A fulfilling life...
I’m a Youtuber!
EH?!
Because I was talking about sexiness?!
WAIT~!
No!
When did it?
And it looks like it'll end with no one left
Nope
Wait a little bit, you all...
Wait a li'l
WAIT A LI'L!
Damn it.
If only I had...
If only I had more sexiness...
･ﾟ･(ﾉД`;)･ﾟ･
And with that...
How was it?
Well...
That was pretty sucky wasn't it...
I was...
Well, since my sexiness was not enough,
I'll work on my sexiness!
I'll work on my unit!
Next time for sure!
Around five.
Around difficulty five.
I’ll say "It's a piece of cake!"
I'll challenge it!
And so, that was Virtual Gamer Kizuna Ai!
Please come again!
Translated by Inori, Jejer, LIME_GRAB, Myi, Averitius, Sp3000, Guri